# Chapter1.生活琐事
## Unit1. Breakfast吃早餐
::: tip
Waiter: Good morning! What would you like to order for breakfast;

Annie: I'd like to order a cup of black coffee, a slice of toast and scrambled eggs, please.

Waiter: OK, one moment, please.
(Five minutes later)

Waiter: Here you are, Enjoy your breakfast, By the way, we offer free coffee refills.

Annie: Thank you very much
:::

### Useful Expressions
#### 店员点餐
1. What can I do for you , sir ? 
2. Are you ready to order, sir ?
3. Would you care for some salad or hash browns on the side?
你想来一些沙拉或土豆饼作为配菜吗？
    - Would you care for sth ? 你是否想要某物 ？
    - on the side 作为配菜

#### 询问店员
4. Can you recommend something to me? I have a hard time makeing the decision. 你可以推荐什么餐点给我吗，我很难做出决定。
    - recommend  Vt 推荐
    - have a hard time + V-ing 做。。。。有困难
5. I always need a cup of coffee to start a new day.
6. I need a fix of coffee every day before I go to work
7. Nothing beats freshly brewed coffee in the morning.
8. There is nothing like a glass of iced orange juice.
    - fix n （上瘾的东西）一次的量
    - beat Vt 胜过

## Unit2. 打电话叫外卖
::: tip
Clerk: Pete's Burger, How can I help you?

Rose: Hello, I'd like to order some take-out.

Clerk: No problem, What would like to order?

Rose: I'd like two Double Chese Burger Meals with two large fries, please. I also want one medium coke.

Clerk: Ok, May I have your address, please?

It's 2244 Forest Drive.
:::

### Useful Expressions
#### 习外卖
1. I'd like to order a pizza to go , please.
2. Hi, Can I see your take-out menu?

#### 分量大小
3. I'll take the large one.
4. A medium coke is Ok for me.
5. Regular-size coffee is fine.
6. Can I supersize the small fries?
7. Do you have jumbo-size burgers?
    - supersize vt 提供超大份量
    - jumbo a. 超大的

#### 点套餐
8. Does the meal come with fries and drink?
9. I'll have the jumbo meal

#### 替换
10. Can I replace one of the drinks with coffee?
11. May I have mashed potatoes instead of fries, please?
    - replace vt 替换

## Unit 3. 做晚饭
::: tip
Mark: Um, It's half past five already, Let me help you with cooking tonight.

Kate: What ? This has never happened before, You are joking ,right?

Mark: No, I'not, I'd like to do something nice for you for a change.

Kate: I'd like that very much, However, can you cook ?

Mark: Easy as pie! I could do that with my eye closed!
:::


### Useful Expressions

#### 提供帮助
1. Let me help you with that.
2. I'm glad to give you a hand.
3. Let me do something so that I won't feel so useless.
4. If you need any help, just ask.

#### 家庭做饭常用语
5. Turn off the TV and do your homework.
6. Turn the air conditioner on. It's getting hot in here.
7. Turn the gas off, The meat is burning.
8. Sharpen the knife, It's very blunt.
9. Put the kettle on and the whisk two eggs for me .
    - sharpen vt 磨(刀具)，削尖(铅笔)
    - blunt a. 钝的
    - kettle n 水壶
    - whisk vt 搅拌

## Unit.4 打扫卫生 Cleaning 
::: tip
(Anna came to lans room to visit him)

Anna: Wow, your room is really a mess

lan: I know. My mom has been nagging me to clean it up all day. But I'm
not in the mood to do that now

Anna: Well, tell you what. If you help me find some books in the library, I'll
help you clean your room

lan: Deal!
:::

###  Useful Expressions 
#### 清理房间 
1. Would you like to clean the bedroom for me ? 你愿意帮我打扫卧室吗?
2. Can you clear the room so that I can mop ? 你可以帮我把房间清一清好让我拖一下地吗
3. Come and help me with the cleaning. 过来帮我打扫一下
    - mop vt 拖地  n 拖把
#### 请求帮助
4. Steve, I need a hand with this box, It's really heavy. 史蒂夫， 帮我搬下这个箱子， 这箱子好重啊。
5. Can you help me clean things up before you leave ? 你离开之前可以帮我打扫一下吗？
6. I would really appreciate it if you could help me with this mess. 如果你能帮我收拾这些脏乱处，我会很感激的。
    appreciate vt 感激

## Unit 5 购买生活必需品

::: tip
James: Wow！ This grocery store is so clean, Hey, Rose. These packets of noodles are real bargain.

Rose: How much are they?

James: They are on special. If you buy five, you get five for free.

Rose: That's a steal. Also, packets of noodles are always good to have on hand.
:::

### 实用句 Useful Expressions
#### 询问价格
1. How much is a bottle of milk? 一瓶牛奶多少钱？
2. How much does this box of salt cost ? 这盒盐多少钱？
3. What about the price? 价格多少
4. I'd like to know how much these carrots are? 我想知道这些胡萝卜多少钱？
5. What's the price of these potatoes ? 这些土豆怎么卖？
#### 打折
6. We take 30% off during festivals. 我们在节日期间打七折。
7. This cake is past its expiration date. Can I have a 50% discount ?
8. The coupon gives you a 20% discount. 持这第优惠券能享受八折优惠。
9. The store will offer a 10% discount on all the electronic appliances. 本店所有电器产品将打九折。
10. Sorry, but our prices are fixed. 抱歉， 本店所有价格是固定的。
    - expiration n 到期

## Unit 6 超市购物 At the supermarket
::: tip
Mike: Excuse me, I'm looking for the breakfast cereals - the ones that are on sale this week.

Clerk: They're in Aisle 2A, whitch is down that way.

Mike: And are you out of stock of 3-liter bottles of Pepsil? I can't find them.

Clerk: I'm afraid so. would you like a rain check?

Mike: Yes, thank you .
:::

### 实用句 Useful Expressions
#### 寻找商品
1. I'd like to buy a bottle of ketchup; do you know where it is ?
2. Excuse me? can you tell me where the fruit & vegetables section is?
3. Can you please help me find the dairy products?
4. Where are the cash registers ? 收银台在哪里？
    - ketchup n 调味西红柿酱
    - section n 区域； 部分
    - dairy a. 乳制品的
#### 服务员回复
5. The dairy section is at the back of the store.
6. We have some imported lobsters in the frozen food section.
7. You can find pasta in Aisle 5.
8. I suggest you return to the store later to see if more bread is available.
9. Butter is available next to the bread and cake shelf.

#### 收银区
10. I only have four items; can I use the express checkout?
11. Cash or card ?
12. Do you need a plastic bag ?
13. The price is $20 altogether.
14. Please swipe you card.
15. Please enter your password.
    - the express checkout 超店里的快速结账通道
    - swipe vt 刷(卡)

## Unit 7 洗衣服 Doing the Laundry
::: tip
(will is calling Grace to see if she is available to hang out)

Will: Hello, Grace. What are you doing today?

Grace: Hi, Will. I'm planning to do my laundry.

Will: Really? Can't it wait until tomorrow?

Grace: If Idon't do it today, I will have nothing clean to wear tomorrow.

Will: I'll come over and help you.

Grace: Thank you! I'll get started so we can finish early.

:::

### 实用句 Useful Expressions
#### 相关问是
1. How oftern do you do your laundry?
2. Where do you go for you laundry supplies ?
3. Do you use dryer or hang the clothes up after you've done the washing?
4. It's a good idea to use fabric softener.
    - laundry supplies 洗衣用品
    - dryer n 烘干机
    - hang vt & vi 挂(着) （三态为： hang, hung, hung）
    - fabric softener 衣物矛顺剂
#### 衣物洗涤分类
5. I separate my light-colored clothes from my dark ones.
6. I only use mild detergent for my light-colored clothes.
7. I prefer to use strong detergent on my dark clothes.
8. I wash my whites separately so they don't change color.
9. I don't like using blench when doing my laundry.
    - separate vt & vi (使) 分离
    - mild a. 温和的
    - detergent n 洗衣液
    - bleach n. 漂白剂

## Unit 8 打不到物品 Can't Find Something
::: tip
Jake: Wendy, did you see where I put the concert tickets? I can't find them.

Wendy: Have a look in the night-stand drawer. That's where you put lots of random stuff.

Jake: It's OK. I found them !

Wendy: Great. We'd better get going or we are going to be late.

:::

### 实用句 Useful Expressions 
#### 找不到物品
1. Have you seen my sunglasses anywhere?
2. Where are the car keys? I can't find them.
3. Where did I put my cell phone?
4. I don't know where to look .
5. I can't remember where I put my bag.
6. I can't seem to find the earrings you brought me.
7. I scoured the coffice for my wallet but it is missing.
    - scour vt (彻底地) 翻找

#### 求助
8. Can you help me to look for my cell phone ?
9. I can't find my watch. Can you help me to find it , please?
10. I need a hand to look for my wallet.

## Unit 9 倒垃圾 Taking Out the Trash
::: tip
Eddie: Is tomorrow waste collection day?

Julie: Yes, I think so. In that case, don't forget to put out the trash this evening.

Eddie: Me again? Why can't you do it for a change?

Julie: OK, I'll do it if your are willing to cook tonight. Plus, you are the man in the house.
:::

### 实用句 Useful Expressions
#### 倒垃圾
1. Make sure all the trash and recycling are placed inside the correct bins.
2. Make sure the lid on your bin is closed.
3. If you forget to put youre waste out, put it out for collection next time.
4. Put you rubbish out by 7:00 AM and make sure it's visible from the road.

#### 垃圾分类
5. Separate your waste items.
6. Everything that goes into your recycling bins is put to good use.
7. Aluminum is the most cost-effective material to recycle.
    - aluminum n. 铝
    - cost-effective a. 符合成本效益的
    - recycle vt 回收

## 10. 洗澡 Taking a Bath
::: tip
Roger: I'm home, Honey. I practiced all afternoon and I really need to take a bath.

Janet: OK, sit tight and I'll fill the bathtub.
（Five minutes later）

Janet: Honey, the bath is ready.

Roget: I'll be right there ... Lavender, that's my favorite scent!

Janet: Enjoy yourself. There is more bath salt on the table if you need it. I'm going to make dinner now.

Roger: Great！ I'll finish with a nice cold shower.
:::

### 实用句 Useful Expressions
#### 去洗澡
1.  You stink. Go take a shower.
2. Let me check the water temperature.
3. T here water temperature feels just right; you can get into the bathtub now.
4. Be careful! The floor is wet.
5. There isn't any hot water. Can you check the hot water system?

#### 洗澡物品
6. We are running out of the shower gel.
7. I prefer to use soap.
8. Wrap a towel  around you when you are done.
9. You can dry your hair with the hair dryer.
    - shower gel 沐浴露
    - wrap vt. 包裹住
    - woerl n. 毛巾

## Unit 11 睡觉 Going to Bed
::: tip
Mnady: Are you OK, Mike ? You look like you are almost falling asleep.

Mike: I reallly want to watch this TV program with you , but I am really tired.

Mandy: Did you sleep at all last night ?

Mike: I did But I stayed up late to complete my term paper. I only had about four hours' sleep.

Mand: OK, then go to bed, sweetheart. There's no need to stay up with me now. Sleep tight.

Mike: Thank you. Good night.
:::

### 实用句 Usefull Expressions
#### 睡前道晚安
1. sleep well.
2. Sweet dreams!
3. Have a good night's sleep!
4. See you in the morning!
5. Nighty night.

#### 感觉劳累
6. I'm beat. I need to go to bed .
7. I'm really exhausted. I'd like to take a nap, if you don't mind.
8. After a busy day, I was worn out and nodded off on the couch.
    - take a nap 小憩
    - wear sb/ yourself out 使某人/ 自已筋疲力尽
    - nod off 打瞌睡

#### 睡眠建义
9. Time for bed
10. It's getting late, You'd better turn off the TV and  go to bed
11. If you keep drinking coffee like that, you won't be able to get a good night's sleep.
12. Generally speaking, drinking a cup of warm milk before bed will help you sleep.

#### 睡眠品质
13. What time do you usually go to bed?
14. Do you manage to get as much sleep as you need ?
15. I'm not a morning person.
16. I always sleep in.
17. I always sleep like a baby.
18. I think I'm a light sleeper rather than a heavy sleeper.
19. I seldom oversleep because I have an alarm clock to wake me up.
    - sleep in 睡懒觉、睡得很晚才起来 = sleep late
    - a light sleeper 睡觉浅的人
    - a heavy sleeper 睡觉沉的人
    - oversleep vi 不小心睡过头