# Chapter 10.逢年过节

## Unit 1 圣诞节
::: tip
Monica: Christmas is around the corner, and we haven't prepared anything.
Oh my goodness, I don't think we have enough time.

Edward: Take it easy. We still have a whole week to prepare.

Monica: OK, but we haven't bought a Christmas tree or Christmas gifts for
our family and friends.

Edward: How about buying the Christmas tree at the plant nursery
tomorrow? It is very close to our house and we can buy Christmas
decorations and Christmas cards in the nearby department store

Monica: It sounds perfect, but the shopping center will only open till
Christmas Eve, so we still need to go Christmas shopping in
advance.

Edward: Yeah, the sooner the better. What do you have in mind for the
girls?

Monica: I'm thinking a Barbie doll for Lily and a silver bracelet for Jenny.

Edward: Great idea!
:::

## Unit 2 新年
::: tip
Ben: Five, four, three, two, one. Happy New Year!

Eric: Happy New Year!

Ben: Look how beautiful the fireworks are! Hey, Eric. What are your plans
for the new vear?

Eric: I will go to Hawaii with my girlfriend. I was so busy that we didn't
spend much time together last year. I want to make it up to her.

Ben: That's very thoughtful of you.

Eric: Moreover, I want to propose to her

Ben: Oh, my goodness! Congratulations!

Eric: Thanks, what are your plans, Ben?

Ben: My plans are much duller than yours. I'm eager to take a trip with
my girlfriend, but I will be stuck at work. I can't believe I have to
work overtime on New Year's Day.
:::

## Unit 3 感恩节
::: tip
Adam: Hi, Li Ming! Nice to see you again!

LiMing: Hi, Adam. Long time no see! What have you been up to lately?

Adam: I'm preparing for Thanksgiving.

Li Ming: What do you do at Thanksgiving?

Adam: It's a time of family reunions and celebrations. Family members get
together and have special feast. Traditionally it was a celebration
of the harvest.
UM
liMing: It sounds like the Spring Festival in China. What do you usually eat
at Thanksgiving?

Adam: We eat turkey and pumpkin pie. If you're interested, you can come
to my parents' house with me for Thanksgiving.

Li Ming: I'd love to come.
:::
## Unit 4 母亲节

::: tip
Eric: Happy Mother's Day, Mom! Here's my present for you.

Emily: Thank you, son. These carnations are beautiful!

Eric: Thank you for your love and care over the years. You mean a lot to me.

Emily: How thoughtful of you! That's the sweetest thing you've ever said
to me.

Eric: I've behaved terribly as your son, and I've taken your love for
granted. Let me make it up to you.

Emily: Oh, you have grown up. I'm so proud of you.

Eric: Let's go to the new Spanish restaurant tonight. It's my treat.

Emily: It's very considerate of you. I appreciate what you did for me today.

Eric: I'm sorry I haven't spent much time with you in the past.

Emily: That's OK. Let's have a good chat at dinner.
:::

## Unit 5 情人节

::: tip
George: Happy valentine's Day, honey. Here are some blue roses for you.

Kate: Thank you! They're very unique.

George: That was a nice dinner, wasn't it?

Kate: It was. And I really like this dessert.

George: Take a second look at your plate, Kate.

Kate: Oh, my God, it's a diamond ring!

George: Kate, we've known each other for a long time. You know me better
than anyone else. You are my confidant and the person I want to
spend the rest of my life with.
(George gets down on bended knee)

George: That's why I want to give you this ring. Kate Smith, will you be my
bride?

Kate: Yes, will! I've been waiting for this forever.
:::


## Unit 6 复活节

::: tip
Emily: My friend invited me to celebrate Easter with her family. What
should I do to prepare for the celebration?

Eric: You can buy some chocolate Easter eggs.

Emily: Chocolate Easter eggs?

Eric: Yes, Easter eggs are usually made of chocolate. Some of them even
have candy inside.

Emily: Wow! That sounds delicious. But chocolate and candy are not very healthy.

Eric: Well, you can make some Easter eggs using real hard-boiled eggs.

Emily: Really? How do I do that?

Eric: You boil the eggs and then decorate them with your own designs.

Emily: That sounds like fun, but I would prefer to buy some chocolate
Easter eggs from the shopping mall

Eric: Actually, that's a better idea because most children have a
sweet tooth. If you take chocolate eggs, they'll be more likely to
participate in an egg hunt

Emily:what 's' an egg hunt?

Eric: It's a game. Children compete with each other to fin
d hidden Easte eggs. The child who gets the most eggs is rewarded with a prize.

Emily: Wow! That sounds so interesting.
:::


## Unit 7 春节

::: tip
Phoebe: Hi, Judy. This is Phoebe. How's your Spring Festival holiday going

Judy: Hi, Phoebe. It's going great! I'm busy visiting my relatives and Ive
received a lot of red envelopes.

Phoebe: What's a red envelope?

Judy: It's a gift of cash that is put inside an envelope that is red.The
money is called lucky money and the elderly family members give
the envelopes to the young, hoping they have a lucky year.

Phoebe: Thanks to the Spring Festival, you must be getting rich.

Judy: Yes, just little! Later today, I'm going to set off firecrackers.

Phoebe: Isn't that dangerous?

Judy: It can be, but it's a traditional custom. We do it in the hope that the
loud popping of firecrackers will scare off the evil spirits and ghosts
Phoebe: Wow! The way you celebrate the new year is quite different from
how celebrate the new year. Now I'm much more interested in
learning about Chinese culture.
:::

## Unit 8 游行庆典

::: tip
Jane: Hello, it's Jane speaking. Happy Thanksgiving Day!

Li Ming: Hi, Jane. Happy Thanksgiving Day to you, too!

Jane: How about we go to Central Park West to watch Macy's
Thanksgiving Day Parade?

Li Ming: Sure! Why not? It's my first Thanksgiving Day spent in America.It
sounds kind of fun

(Half an hour later, they meet each other at Central Park West)

Jane: Look at the Hello Kitty balloon floats! And I can't believe how many
stars have joined the parade!
Li Ming: Wow, how wonderful! This is the most spectacular parade I've ever
seen.

Jane: Yeah, we love to celebrate Thanksgiving Day. It's of great
significance to Americans.

Li Ming: It's so exciting. If only could join the parade.
:::

## Unit 9 文化冲突

::: tip
lvy: The people here are so fat. Everyone has blonde hair, and the Chinese
food tastes different.

Larry: Does this mean you like or dislike America?

lvy: I can't stand it. I need to get on the next flight home.

Larry: You're suffering from culture shock.

lvy: I don't know. I really feel so overwhelmed. I can't handle it anymore.

Larry: Take a deep breath and relax, Ivy. I think you might need to go see
someone.

lvy: You're right. I will make an appointment with a counselor.
:::