# Chapter 11.工作

## Unit 1 找兼职工作
::: tip
(Daniel sees a want ad outside a shop)

Daniel: Excuse me, is your shop still hiring?

Eddie: Yes, but now we only have vacancies for a cashier and a
deliveryman. Would you like to apply for either position?

Daniel: Yes. want to apply for the cashier position. Here's my resume.

Eddie: Why do you think you can do the job?

Daniel: I am a careful person, which I think is a necessary quality for this
kind of job. Plus, the work hours fit in with my study and curriculum
activities.

Eddie: What's your availability?

Daniel: I am available on weekends.

Eddie: Great! We just need employees to work the weekend shifts.
:::

## Unit 2 洽谈薪酬
::: tip
Eddie: What's your expected wage?

Daniel: I'm looking for an hourly wage of $30.

Eddie: Mr. Smith, I'm afraid $30 per hour is too much. If you work here,
we'll have to train you until you are qualified for the job.

Daniel: I understand. In that case, a lower wage is acceptable.

Eddie: What would you say if I paid you $25 per hour?

Daniel: I can accept that. I'd like to take the job.

Eddie: Good. Are you able to work from 4: 00 PM? Oh, the work day ends
at 10: 00 PM and there is a one-hour break.

Daniel: Yes. I'm definitely available within those hours.

Eddie: OK. Glad you can join us, Daniel.
:::

## Unit 3 请假
::: tip
Daniel: Hi, Eddie, this is Daniel. I'm calling to ask for sick leave.

Eddie: Why? What happened?

Daniel: I made an appointment with my doctor for this Saturday afternoon.

Eddie: Are you alright?

Daniel: I have cough and I'm not getting better after taking medicine.

Eddie: I'm sorry to hear that. No problem. Take care of yourself.

Daniel: Thank you. Shall I find someone to cover for me?

Eddie: No, there is no need to. I will organize someone else.
:::
## Unit 4 辞职

::: tip
Daniel: Hi, Eddie. I would like to submit my resignation. I'll be leaving in a month.

Eddie: May I ask what your reason is?

Daniel: My studies are slipping. I need to be more focused.

Eddie: I understand.

Daniel: Thank you. I'm grateful for the opportunity to work here.

Eddie: Glad to hear it. I wish you all the best.
:::