# Chapter 4.出门在外

## Unit 1 邮局
::: tip
Officer: How can I help you?

Anna: I would like to send this parcel to China, please.

Officer: OK, please pass me the parcel and I'll weigh it.

Anna: Sure.

Officer: It weighs two kilos. Would you like it sent via airmail or via surface mail?

Anna: How much does it cost via airmail? And can I track it?

Officer: It costs15 via airmail. Tracking is accessible on our website.

Anna: OK. Send it via airmail.
:::

## Unit 2 在银行1 - 开户
::: tip
Terry: Good afternoon. How may I help you?
Kelly: I'd like to open savings account, please
Terry: All right. Please fill out this form and give me your ID.
Kelly: OK. Is that it?
Terry: No, you'll have to make an initial deposit of $100 to open up your
account.
Kelly: Here you go.
Terry: All right. Give me a moment, and I'll set up the account for you.
:::

## Unit 3 在银行2 -  存取款
::: tip
Andy: Hello, I would like to check my balance. Here is my card.

Staff: OK. Please type in your password and press "YES".
(After a few seconds)

Staff: You have5,000 in your account.

Andy: would like to withdraw E1,000, please.

Staff: No problem. Just moment. Here you are, please check the amount.

Andy: OK. That's E1, in total.

Staff: Now, please sign the withdrawal slip.

Andy: Sure.
:::
## Unit 4 电梯故障

::: tip
Emma: Oh my god! The elevator has broken down.

George: Don't panic! I've pressed the call button. The technician will come ASAP.

Emma: It's horrible to be trapped in an elevator.

George: Relax, we'll be out in no time.

Emma: I'm so scared!

George: We will be OK. I'm by your side

Emma: Thank you. You are so sweet.
:::

## Unit 5 天气预报

::: tip
Nick: It looks like it's going to snow again.

Alice: We'd better wrap up.

Nick: It's freezing cold outside. Look, my car is iced up.

Alice: What's the weather forecast?

Nick: It says it will clear up later today.

Alice: What will the temperature be?

Nick: It will be minus five to minus six.

Alice: What miserable weather we're having!
:::


## Unit 6 问路

::: tip
Joe: Hello. May I ask for some assistance?

Stranger: Sure. How may I help you?

Joe: Can you tell me how to go to the nearest bank?

Stranger: You should go straight ahead until you reach the traffic lights. Then
turn left.

Joe: Is it far from here?

Stranger: No, it's within walking distance.

Joe: Thank you. Good day to you.

Stranger: No sweat. You, too.
:::