# Chapter 6.兴趣爱好

## Unit 1 园艺
::: tip
Emma: What a lovely garden! You really have a green thumb.

Tracy: Thank you.

Emma: How do you take care of your garden?

Tracy: I just remove the weeds and water the plants regularly.

Emma: What's that plant? It's sprouting.

Tracy: It's a strawberry plant. Look, my grapes have ripened. Let's go pick some.

Emma: How wonderful!
:::

## Unit 2 音乐
::: tip
Serena: Why don't we put on some music?

Howard: What would you like to listen to?

Serena: What about some rock? I'm so into it.

Howard: Oh, I'm not that keen on that type of music What about some jazz?

Serena: Jazz is not my cup of tea.

Howard: How about country music?

Serena: Sure.
(While the music plays...)

Serena: Who sings this song? It's very touching.

Howard: Taylor Swift. I'm a big fan of hers.
:::

## Unit 3 运动
::: tip
Linda: Hi, Dan, where are you headed?

Dan: Hi, Linda, I'm going to the gym with my colleagues.

Linda: Is going to the gym very effective?

Dan: Yeah, it works wonders for me.

Linda: That's awesome! Do you play tennis?

Dan: Of course. I'm skilled at it.

Linda: Great. Can you teach me how to play tennis sometime?

Dan: Sure thing.
:::
## Unit 4 在线游戏

::: tip
Larry: Hi, Eric, what did you do last night?

Eric: I played an online game the whole night.

Larry: What game?

Eric: The game is called the World of Warcraft. It is incredibly interesti
I'm crazy about the characters. Would you like to join my group? I've
reached level 15 already.

Larry: I would love to join. But the World of Warcraft runs very slow on my
computer.

Eric: I think it's time you upgraded your computer.
:::

## Unit 5 烧烤

::: tip
ony:john, come over here. need you to light the charcoal

John: No problem. What do we have for the barbecue?

Tony: We have beef, lamb, and shrimp.

John: I don't think it's a good idea to barbecue shrimp.

Tony: You will love it, promise.

John: OK. What do you say we have some red wine to complement the beef?

Tony: Sure. Red wine is a perfect match for beef.
:::


## Unit 6 露营

::: tip
Emma: What do you plan to do this weekend?

Fiona: I'm going camping with my roommates.

Emma: Where are you going?

Fiona: There's a lake in a nearby county.
We want to go fishing. And we
will tell stories around the campfire.

Emma: That sounds fantastic. But it's been hot recently. You'd better be
careful not to cause a wildfire.

Fiona: We will be. My roommates and I will take turns keeping watch at
night.

Emma: Great. Hope you have a whale of a time.
:::


## Unit 7 足球比赛

::: tip
Henry: This is a good game. It's evenly matched.

Mike: That player just got a good header. I hope they score soon.

Henry: I can't believe how far he can kick the ball

Mike: I've seen someone score from center field. It was incredible.

Henry: Oh, he just scored a goal!

Mike: Now the home team is ahead. I bet they will win the game.

Henry: You never know. The visiting team is also performing well.

Mike: Just wait and see.
:::

## Unit 8 电影

::: tip
Nick: Sam, what did you think about the movie?

Sam: It was good except for the dialogue.

Nick: didn't pay attention to the story.

Sam: Then why do you go to the movies?

Nick: I just want to kill time. Do you know who starred in the movie?

Sam: It's Scarlett Johansson. I think she's really a knockout.

Nick: I couldn't agree more. What's more the 3D effects were impeccable.

Sam: That's true.
:::


## Unit 9 夜店

::: tip
Jackson: I feel so out of place here.

Rooney: Relax! Nightclubs are fun! Let your hair down!

Jackson: But the music is too loud for my liking

Rooney: The music is for dancing. Look at all the pretty girls-and that girt
over there is smiling at you. Go and introduce yourself.

Jackson: You're right; she is. But then what do I do?

Rooney: Ask her for a dance.

Jackson: I'm so nervous.

Rooney: Don't be scared; be confident. She could be your future wife!
:::