# Chapter 7.图书馆

## Unit 1 找书
::: tip
lvy: Can you tell me where I can find Kafka on the Shore?

Librarian: Look on Aisle three. That's where all the Japanese authors are
located.

lvy: Thanks. Have you ever read it before?

Librarian: I spent three years reading everything by Murakami.

Ivy: Would you recommend any of his other books?

Librarian: I like all of them, but especially The Wind-Up Bird Chronicles

lvy: Great. Maybe I will borrow both of them.
:::

## Unit 2 借书
::: tip
lvy: I'd like to check out this book.

Librarian: Do you have a library card?

lvy: No, not yet. What do I have to do to get one?

Librarian: Fill out this form and make a copy of your ID
(lvy returns five minutes later)

lvy: Here's the form. Now what do do?

Librarian: Give me a second to enter your information into the system
and then I'll give you your card.

lvy: Thanks. There's a great book I've been dying to read.
:::

## Unit 3 还书
::: tip
Tina: Can you return these books to the library for me?

Larry: Sure. I'm running errands all day and the library is right down the
street from the grocery store.

Tina: Great. Just remember that during library hours, you have to take the
books inside

Larry: You mean I can't just leave them in the drop box?

Tina: No. But it should only take a second.

Larry: All right. Where are the books?
:::
## Unit 4 借书逾期未还

::: tip
Librarian: We have a problem, sir.

Larry: What's wrong?

Librarian: Well, the books you just returned are five days late.

Larry: Sorry, I forgot I had them.

Librarian: It's OK, but your borrowing privileges have been suspended for
15 days.

Larry: What? Does that mean I can't borrow this book?

Librarian: Sorry, sir. Come back in 15 days and your record will be cleared.
:::