# Chapter 8.网络购物

## Unit 1 网络购物经验
::: tip
Rose: Are you afraid of shopping online?

lvy: Not at all. In fact, I prefer it to going to the mall

Rose: Why? Isn't it dangerous and a hassle?

lvy: Not at all. I think going to the mall and dealing with crowds is a lot
more troublesome.

Rose: But what about getting ripped off?

lvy: That's a chance I'm willing to take But I'm careful, and there are
some great bargains!

Rose: Maybe I'll try, but can I use your credit card just to be on the safe
side?
:::

## Unit 2 线上安全
::: tip
Rose: lvy, you know a lot about shopping online. Do you really think it's
safe?

lvy: That depends.

Rose: On what? I really want to buy a few things online, but I'm a bit
worried.

lvy: For the most part, it's safe. There are people that try to steal money,
but most of the sites are secure.

Rose: How can I make sure that the site I'm using is safe?

lvy: The best thing to do is to find other people who have shopped at that
website. They can give you an idea whether it's safe or not

Rose: Thanks. I think I'll take the plunge and order something.
:::

## Unit 3 网上卖东西
::: tip
lvy: I've got to get rid of some of my shoes. Do you have any suggestions?

Larry: I sure do. Why don't you sell them online?

lvy: How would I go about doing that?

Larry: There are lots of sites where you can sell them online. There's eBay
and Yahoo. You can try those two first.

lvy: What's the first step?

Larry: After you've registered, you have to take some photos of the shoes,
upload them, and sit back and wait for buyers.

lvy: I'm not so sure. These shoes are my babies. I don't know if I can sell them.

Larry: Oh, come on! Give me a break. They're only shoes.
:::
## Unit 4 在线付款

::: tip
lvy: It looks like someone wants to buy the shoes I'm selling.

Larry: Wow! That was quick. You only had them for sale for less than a day.

lvy: That's because they're designer shoes I knew someone would snatch
them up. How do I get the money for them?

Larry: That part's a piece of cake. Theycan transfer the money into your
account.

lvy: What information do I give them?

Larry: Just give them your account number and bank number. They can
then transfer the money to you. Or you can use an online payment
method, such as PayPal.

lvy: Cool. Once get the money, I'll send them the shoe

Larry: Seems like your"babies" have found a new home
:::

## Unit 5 不满意

::: tip
Rose: I can't believe it! This is just awful.

lvy: What's wrong, Mom?

Rose: Look at this.

lvy: That's such a cute bottle of perfume. Is it a sample?

Rose: It looks like it, but I paid for a full-size bottle.

lvy: Maybe they sent the wrong one.

Rose: I don't know. According to the site, a full-size bottle of Chanel is
only $20.

lwy: Have you tried to contact the people at the site? Maybe you can
get a refund.

Rose: I tried, but the site is now down. I think I've been had.
:::