# Chapter 9.租房

## Unit 1 堵车
::: tip
Bruce: Ahh! Can't these vehicles move any faster?

Sophia: No, not in traffic congestion like this. We are going nowhere.

Bruce: It's getting late. We might have to spend a night in a motel.

Sophia: We took a trip to New York City two years ago. Was there this much traffic?

Bruce: Not that I can remember. It's gotten worse.

Sophia: I know. Check your phone and see if you can find a detour.

Bruce: Let me see...OK, if we take exit 38 in two miles, there's another route.

Sophia: Great! Let's do it.
:::

## Unit 2 违规停车罚单
::: tip
Bruce: What's that on the windshield?

Sophia: A parking ticket.

Bruce: Why did I get parking ticket I parked in the marked square.

Sophia: I'm not familiar with New York City parking regulations, but maybe
you need a zone permit.

Bruce: This is so typical. So how should I pay for it? We're not from around
here.

Sophia: Let me see the ticket.

Bruce: What does it say?

Sophia: You can pay it online. There's a website.

Bruce: OK, I'll try to pay it from my phone first.
:::

## Unit 3 加油站
::: tip
Simon: I'm in the mood for a snack. Let's stop somewhere.

Ken: OK. Do we need fuel?

Simon: Yeah, I'll stop at the gas station up ahead. Would you mind refuelling
the car for me?

Ken: No, not at all.

Simon: Do you want anything from the shop?

Ken: Hmm, I fancy a chocolate bar. Can I pay you later?

Simon: It's my treat. But is there any chance that you can check the oil and
tyre pressure?

Ken:Done!
:::
## Unit 4 洗车

::: tip
Max: Cruising around New York is so exciting.

Stan: Yeah, but look how filthy the car is!

Max: I know. Keep your eyes peeled for a car wash.

Stan: I saw a car detailer a few blocks back.

Max: That'll take forever and cost a fortune.

Stan: I guess so. There was a hand car wash at the gas station we stopped
at yesterday.

Max: But it was so busy, we'll have to line up.

Stan: Well, let's stop at the next automatic car wash we see.

Max: Good idea!
:::

## Unit 5 汽车抛锚

::: tip
Simon: can't believe we have gotten lost and broken down in the middle of nowhere.

Ken: Yeah, especially after having such a blast in New York.

Simon: And no phone signal! What are we going to do?

Ken: We have no choice. We will have to walk back to that small town we
passed a while back. There was a service station there.

Simon: Let's hitchhike. Someone might give us a ride.

Ken: Not a chance! Hitchhiking is too dangerous.

Simon: Hmm, I guess you're right
:::


## Unit 6 公交车行程计划

::: tip
Tim: Hey, Don.

Don: Yes? How can I help you?

Tim: What's the best bus route to get from here to High Street?

Don: Well, let me see. There is some construction work in the downtown
area, so I suggest you give the express No. 51 a miss and take the No.
54 instead.

Tim: I know. I just checked out the bus company's website, but I'm not sure
whether it is the best option.

Don: Well, it means that you will need to change at the 9th Avenue stop for
the No. 99, but in the long run, it will save you time.
:::


## Unit 7 地铁服务

::: tip
Betty: Excuse me, the train to Pennsylvania Avenue is taking forever.
Is there a problem?

Station agent: Yes, there is maintenance being carried out to the tracks on
the red line. You will need to take the train to the next station
on the green line, which is Van Siclen Avenue

Betty:oh. Why wasn't' there an announceme to let people know
that the train is not running?

Station agent: Service changes, which occur from time to time, are indicated
on that black and yellow sign near the entrance.
:::